and it happened in the same year at the
beginning of the reign of Zedekiah king
of judah in the fourth year and in the
fifth month that Hananiah the son of aja
the prophet who was from Gibeon spoke to
me in the house of the lord in the
presence of the priests and of all the
people thus speaks the Lord of hosts the
God of Israel saying I have broken the
yoke of the king of Babylon within two
full years I will bring back to this
place all the vessels of the Lord's
house that Nebuchadnezzar king of
Babylon took away from this place and
carried to Babylon and I will bring back
to this place Jack Anaya the son of
jehoiada
king of Judah with all the captives of
Judah who went to Babylon says the Lord
for I will break the yoke of the king of
Babylon
then the Prophet Jeremiah spoke to the
Prophet Hananiah in the presence of the
priests and in the presence of all the
people who stood in the house of the
Lord and the Prophet Jeremiah said Amen
the Lord do so the Lord perform your
words which you have prophesied to bring
back the vessels of the Lord's house and
all who were carried away captive from
Babylon to this place nevertheless here
now this word that I speak in your
hearing and in the hearing of all the
people the prophets who have been before
me and before you of old prophesied
against many countries and great
kingdoms of war and disaster and
pestilence as for the prophet who
prophesies of peace when the word of the
Prophet comes to pass the Prophet will
be known as one whom the Lord has truly
sent then Hananiah the Prophet took the
yoke off the Prophet Jeremiah's neck and
broken and Ananias spoke in the presence
of all the people thus says the Lord
even so I will break the yoke of
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon from the
neck of all nations within this space of
two full years and the prophet Jeremiah
went his way now the word of the Lord
came to Jeremiah after Hananiah the
Prophet had broken the yoke from the
neck of the Prophet Jeremiah
go and tell Hananiah saying thus says
the Lord you have broken the yokes of
war but you have made in their place
yokes of I for thus says the Lord of
hosts the God of Israel I have put a
yoke of iron on the neck of all these
nations that they may serve Nebu knez a
king of Babylon and they shall serve
I have given him the beasts of the field
also then the Prophet Jeremiah said to
Hananiah the Prophet here now Hananiah
the Lord has not sent you but you make
this people trust in a lie therefore
thus says the Lord behold I will cast
you from the face of the earth this year
you shall die because you have taught
rebellion against the Lord so Han and I
of the Prophet died the same year in the
seventh month
[Music]